README.md, before:

# gulp-md5-plus

> md5 plugin for [gulp](https://github.com/wpfpizicai/gulp-md5-plus) ,md5 the static files(eg javascript style image files) ;then replace the filenames in css or the html if needed by passing the file or dir in the second parameter

## Usage


First, install `gulp-md5-plus` as a development dependency:

```shell
npm install --save-dev gulp-md5-plus
```

Then, add it to your `gulpfile.js`:

```javascript
var md5 = require("gulp-md5-plus");

gulp.src("./src/*.css")
	.pipe(md5(10,'./output/index.html'))
	.pipe(gulp.dest("./dist"));
```

md5 all css files in the src folder and change these css names in the quoted html--index.html

```javascript

gulp.task('img' ,function() {
    var imgSrc = './static/img/**',
        quoteSrc = './output/static/css/**/*.css', // [./output/static/css/**/*.css',./output/static/js/**/*.js']
        imgDst = './output/static/img';

    return gulp.src(imgSrc)
        .pipe(imagemin())
        .pipe(md5(10 ,quoteSrc))
        .pipe(gulp.dest(imgDst));
});

```

first, optimize all images in the img folder including all sub folders; then md5 all these images and change these images' names in the quoted css files ;


####note
the directory of the md5ed files in the imgDst folder is the same as that of original files in the imgSrc folder; and css files can refer the image file with the same name in different folder rightly;

## API

### md5(size,file,option)

#### size
Type: `String`
Default: null

> you can pass the size to limit the size of the hash that is appended.

#### file
Type: `String`
Default: null

> the file need to replace the file name of the md5ed files. dir is also supported

#### option
Type: `Object`
Default: null

##### option.dirLevel
Type: `Number`
Default: null

> used to match the file with it's directory path. for example: there is a file `Dev/work/gulp-md5-plus/demo/source/img/sub_img/same.svg`;when setting `dirLevel` to *1*, the plugin will use `sub_img/same.svg` to find this file in the quoted files;this option's main purpose is to replace the files with the same name in different paths. you can see demo for detail.

Example:
```javascript
	gulp.task('img' , ['css'],function() {
	    gulp.src('./source/img/**/*')
	        .pipe(md5(10 ,'./output/css/*.css',{
	        	dirLevel : 1
	        }))
	        .pipe(gulp.dest('./output/img/'));
	});
```

The sample above will append the md5 hash(length : 10) to each of the file in the static/js folder then repalce the link file name in the output/html/ using md5ed file name; at last store all of that into the *output* folder.

## Demo

I have add a demo to demonstate how to use this plugin; If you have any other questions ,pls add issues.

## License

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MIT_License[MIT License]

Commit message:

add sep option, resolve path sep is different with Windows

README.md, after:

# gulp-md5-plus

> md5 plugin for [gulp](https://github.com/wpfpizicai/gulp-md5-plus) ,md5 the static files(eg javascript style image files) ;then replace the filenames in css or the html if needed by passing the file or dir in the second parameter

## Usage


First, install `gulp-md5-plus` as a development dependency:

```shell
npm install --save-dev gulp-md5-plus
```

Then, add it to your `gulpfile.js`:

```javascript
var md5 = require("gulp-md5-plus");

gulp.src("./src/*.css")
	.pipe(md5(10,'./output/index.html'))
	.pipe(gulp.dest("./dist"));
```

md5 all css files in the src folder and change these css names in the quoted html--index.html

```javascript

gulp.task('img' ,function() {
    var imgSrc = './static/img/**',
        quoteSrc = './output/static/css/**/*.css', // [./output/static/css/**/*.css',./output/static/js/**/*.js']
        imgDst = './output/static/img';

    return gulp.src(imgSrc)
        .pipe(imagemin())
        .pipe(md5(10 ,quoteSrc))
        .pipe(gulp.dest(imgDst));
});

```

first, optimize all images in the img folder including all sub folders; then md5 all these images and change these images' names in the quoted css files ;


####note
the directory of the md5ed files in the imgDst folder is the same as that of original files in the imgSrc folder; and css files can refer the image file with the same name in different folder rightly;

## API

### md5(size,file,option)

#### size
Type: `String`
Default: null

> you can pass the size to limit the size of the hash that is appended.

#### file
Type: `String`
Default: null

> the file need to replace the file name of the md5ed files. dir is also supported

#### option
Type: `Object`
Default: null

##### option.dirLevel
Type: `Number`
Default: null

> used to match the file with it's directory path. for example: there is a file `Dev/work/gulp-md5-plus/demo/source/img/sub_img/same.svg`;when setting `dirLevel` to *1*, the plugin will use `sub_img/same.svg` to find this file in the quoted files;this option's main purpose is to replace the files with the same name in different paths. you can see demo for detail.

Example:
```javascript
	gulp.task('img' , ['css'],function() {
	    gulp.src('./source/img/**/*')
	        .pipe(md5(10 ,'./output/css/*.css',{
	        	dirLevel : 1
	        }))
	        .pipe(gulp.dest('./output/img/'));
	});
```

The sample above will append the md5 hash(length : 10) to each of the file in the static/js folder then repalce the link file name in the output/html/ using md5ed file name; at last store all of that into the *output* folder.

##### option.sep
Type: `String` or `Function`
Default: `require('path').sep`

> use to replace file path's separator when option.dirLevel is not null.

for example:
  there is a file `Dev/work/gulp-md5-plus/demo/source/img/sub_img/same.svg`; when setting `dirLevel` to *1*,
Mac & Linux:
  the plugin will use `sub_img/same.svg` to find this file in the quoted files;
Windows
  the plugin will use `sub_img\same.svg` to find this file in the quoted files;

when you set `sep` to */*, it's same in every system platform.

## Demo

I have add a demo to demonstate how to use this plugin; If you have any other questions ,pls add issues.

## License

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MIT_License[MIT License]
